well Steve man now let me just say thank
thanks to you and your team in the
architects office and the grounds crew
have done a great job in putting this
together and let me thank the Colorado
delegation for being here I i would take
credit for the weather but I thought the
senators would do it before I did and
Lindsey great job and I'm gladly have
nice weather so that you can wear that
pretty dress without having to put a big
overcoat on it now but let me just say
thanks to all of you that are here
tonight you know this uh this spruce is
great spruce has traveled many miles
thanks to Ben and his partner who
brought the tree from Colorado here but
you know it's Christmas time and at
Christmas time it's the splendor of this
tree calls to mind of the Star of
Bethlehem and the chance of the Angels
announcing a humble birth in a manger
you know the birth of Christ fulfilled a
prophecy of salvation now giving a weary
world a cause to rejoice and in that
spirit we will bring light to the tree
that flourishes as a symbol of
everlasting light and in turn this tree
will bring light to us opening our
hearts a little more than to the needs
of our neighbors and the covenants that
we've made with one another for the
celebration of Christmas is not merely
the recitation of the story that
occurred a long time ago I think the
real mystery is having that story reborn
in our souls just as the shepherds were
stirred by the angels singing glory to
God in the highest and on earth peace
and goodwill toward men so but this
gratitude I offer you this simple phrase
god bless us everyone and for my family
to yours Merry Christmas
all right enough enough of the talk
enough of the speeches let's get on with
lighting the tree senator Udall
introduced our guest tonight he's Ryan
Schuster from Colorado Springs and he's
a high school senior more importantly
he's an Eagle Scout so we're in good
hands here so Ryan now why don't you
come up here and join me we can only
find Ryan areas there he is now here
button your coat button here code come
on ride pictures last forever okay now
here's the switch why don't you lead us
in a countdown starting with five five
four three two one good job